README.md, before:

# Beaker React Native
> This project aims to include [Dat](https://datproject.org/) support in mobiles through [React Native](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)!

**It's under development**

## How to start

1. Clone the repo:

`git clone git@github.com:romuloalves/beaker-react-native.git`

2. Install the dependencies in the root directory:

`yarn`

3. Install dependencies of Node.js to the device too, in the directory `nodejs-assets/nodejs-project`.

4. Now is just execute!

`react-native run-ios` or `react-native run-android`

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Rômulo Alves

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Updates readme about download Gradle deps

README.md, after:

# Beaker React Native
> This project aims to include [Dat](https://datproject.org/) support in mobiles through [React Native](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)!

**It's under development**

## How to start

1. Clone the repo:

`git clone git@github.com:romuloalves/beaker-react-native.git`

2. Install the dependencies in the root directory:

`yarn`

3. Install dependencies of Node.js to the device too, in the directory `nodejs-assets/nodejs-project`.

4. Open the directory `android` with the Android Studio to download the Gradle dependencies.

5. Now is just execute!

`react-native run-ios` or `react-native run-android`

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Rômulo Alves

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
